slideshow: add page (#23627)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/slideshow.md

# slideshow

> > Tool to make presentation slides, part of Racket language ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make presentation slides in the Racket language.
```
If it is technically correct, that's a better description.

> More information: <https://docs.racket-lang.org/slideshow>.

- Display a default slide with options to run the tutorial or load a `.rkt` presentation file:

`slideshow`

> - Show a presentation in full screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start a presentation in full screen:
```

`slideshow {{path/to/presentation.rkt}}`

> - Instead of full screen, give the presentation slide window a title bar and resize border:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the presentation window with a title bar and resize border:
```

`slideshow --keep-titlebar {{path/to/presentation.rkt}}`

> - Set width and height (in pixels) of presentation slide window:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the width and height (in pixels) of the presentation window:
```

> `slideshow -s {{width}} {{height}} {{path/to/presentation.rkt}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`slideshow {{[-s|--size]}} {{width}} {{height}} {{path/to/presentation.rkt}}`
```
Do not use short options by themselves when long options are available.

> - Save presentation in PDF file format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export a presentation to a PDF file:
```

> `slideshow --pdf -o {{path/to/presentation.pdf}} {{path/to/presentation.rkt}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`slideshow {{[-D|--pdf]}} -o {{path/to/presentation.pdf}} {{path/to/presentation.rkt}}`
```
Document the short option for the long option while you're at it. After that this LGTM
